When you start the activities, they will follow the same order as this lesson.
First, you do a warm-up: Show a plain sentence and a title.
Ask which one is easier to spot and why.
Then you answer quick checks, so we know the key words make sense.
Next, you practise the real computer skill: Type a useful title, select it, make it bigger, make it bold and centre it.
You may also type a short answer, for example: Type a title for a simple document.
At the end, you finish with a stretch or reflection: Use alignment buttons to show how text moves.
Return the final title to centre.
Take one activity at a time.
If you need help, ask staff, then try the next step yourself.